


Institutional Learning - San José State University - Acalog ACMS™















Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.






















Skip to Content





















San José State University




Visit


Apply


Give


Menu




Visit


Campus Tours


Maps


Parking


Silicon Valley


Hammer Theatre




Academics


Colleges and
                                                        Departments


Majors and
                                                        Programs


Centers


Academic Calendar


Classes


King Library




Admissions


Tuition and Fees


Housing


Professional Education


Parent and
                                                        Family Programs




Campus Life


Health and Wellness


Safety


SJSU Cares


Events


Traditions


Student Alumni
                                                        Connection




Research and
                                                Innovation


Office of Research


SJSU Research
                                                        Foundation


Student-Faculty
                                                        Collaborations


Become a
                                                        Research Partner




About


Administration


Partnerships


History


Doing Business
                                                        with SJSU


Careers








SJSU on Facebook


SJSU on Twitter


SJSU on LinkedIn


SJSU on Instagram


SJSU on YouTube




Athletics


Alumni Association


Giving to SJSU


Canvas


one.SJSU







Search










University Menu .Go toSJSU homepage.




Visit


Campus Tours


Maps


Parking


Silicon Valley


Hammer Theatre




Academics


Colleges and Departments


Majors and Programs


Centers


Academic Calendar


Classes


King Library




Admissions


Tuition and Fees


Housing


Professional Education


Parents and Family Programs




Campus Life


Health and Wellness


Safety


SJSU Cares


Events


Traditions


Student Alumni Connection




Research and Innovation


Office of Research


SJSU Research Foundation


Student-Faculty Collaborations


Become a Research Partner




Athletics


About


Administration


Partnerships


History


Doing Business with SJSU


Careers









﻿


About
 












                    Footer
                


                        San José State University Powering Silicon Valley



SJSU on Facebook


SJSU on Twitter


SJSU on LinkedIn


SJSU on Instagram


SJSU on YouTube









One Washington Square
                            San Jose, CA 95192


408-924-1000




 






Accessibility


Equal Opportunity and Title IX


Diversity


PDF Viewer


Privacy






                            Colleges
                        


Business


Education


Engineering


Graduate Studies


Health and Human Sciences


Humanities and the Arts


Professional and Global Education


Science


Social Sciences





                            Resources
                        


A-Z Index


Annual Security Report [pdf]


Bookstore


Calendars


Careers and Jobs


King Library


Parking and Maps





                            Contact Us
                        


Contact Form


Directory


Emergency Info


Report a Web Problem


Report a Title IX Complaint










﻿














   
	San José State University



   




 

 
				May 03, 2023			

 




2020-2021 Academic Catalog 







Select a Catalog
 2022-2023 Academic Catalog
2021-2022 Academic Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]
2020-2021 Academic Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]
2019-2020 Academic Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]
MyRoadmaps Catalog



  
																		
																		 
															

















Global Search








Catalog Search 

Choose Search Location



Select an option
Courses
Programs
Departments and Colleges
Policies and Procedures
Entire Catalog







Search Keyword Field




Whole Word/Phrase




					Advanced Search				














Catalog Navigation




  Catalog Home
 
  Colleges and Departments 
  Course Descriptions 
  Majors and Programs 
 
  General Education Requirements 
  Undergraduate Graduation Requirements 
  Graduate Studies Requirements 
 
  Calendar 
  Policies and Procedures 
  Student Rights, Responsibilities & Conduct 
 
  Archived Catalogs 
  Faculty & Administration 
 
  Articulation 
  Class Schedules 
  MyRoadmaps 












   My Favorites

















HELP
2020-2021 Academic Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 
							  Institutional Learning							  
Print-Friendly Page (opens a new window)


Facebook this Page (opens a new window)




Tweet this Page (opens a new window)





 








University Learning Goals | Program Learning Outcomes | GE Learning Goals | Course Learning Outcomes
Mission
In collaboration with nearby industries and communities, SJSU faculty and staff are dedicated to achieving the university’s mission as a responsive institution of the state of California: To enrich the lives of its students, to transmit knowledge to its students along with the necessary skills for applying it in the service of our society, and to expand the base of knowledge through research and scholarship.
Relationship of Course Learning Outcomes through the University Mission: Adapted from National Institute for Learning Outcomes Assessment.
University Learning Goals (ULGs)
In 2013, SJSU developed University Learning Goals to uniquely define the skills and knowledge of San Jose State University graduates. These goals help students understand the purpose of their time at SJSU and guide academic planning and curriculum development. 
The SJSU experience is designed to ensure that students have the power to be lifelong learners and have successful futures. This preparation begins as students complete their general education requirements, and continues through SJSU Studies and their majors.
Begin here to learn more about the goals SJSU has for its students, and how those goals power the student experience from lower-division general education programs, through majors and concentrations, and capstone courses. 
University Goals Power Lifelong Learning
The student learning experience at SJSU is centered on helping students achieve seven important goals. These goals represent the skills and knowledge that power lifelong learning and career success. San José State University graduates will have developed:
1. Social and Global Responsibilities. An ability to consider the purpose and function of one’s degree program training within various local and/or global social contexts and to act intentionally, conscientiously, and ethically with attention to diversity and inclusion.
2. Specialized Knowledge. Depth of knowledge required for a degree, as appropriate to the discipline.
3. Intellectual Skills


Fluency with specific theories, assumptions, foundational knowledge, analytical and interpretive protocols, tools, and technologies appropriate to the discipline or field of study. 


Skills necessary for mastery of a discipline at a level appropriate to the degree and leading to lifelong learning, including critical and creative thinking and practice, effective communication, thorough and ethical information gathering and processing, competence with quantitative and/or qualitative methodologies, and productive engagement in collaborative activities. 


For undergraduate students in a baccalaureate program: an understanding of critical components of broad academic areas, including the arts, humanities, social sciences, quantitative reasoning, and sciences. 


4. Integrative Knowledge and Skills


Mastery in each step of an investigative, creative, or practical project (e.g., brainstorming, planning, formulating hypotheses or complex questions, designing, creating, completing, and communicating) with integration within and/or across disciplines. 


An ability to articulate the potential impacts of results or findings from a particular work or field in a societal context.


5. Applied Knowledge. An ability to apply theory, practice, and problem solving to new materials, settings, and problems.  
Program Learning Outcomes (PLOs)

Graduate Program Learning Outcomes  
Undergraduate Program Learning Outcomes  

Co-Curricular Programs

Service Departments and Services Program Learning Goals  

General Education Learning Goals
Students who complete the General Education curriculum should be able to demonstrate:

Knowledge of Human Cultures and the Physical and Natural World
	(focused by engagement with big questions, both contemporary and enduring through study in the sciences and mathematics, social sciences, humanities, histories, languages, and the arts)
Intellectual and Practical Skills
	(practiced extensively, across the curriculum, in the context of progressively more challenging problems, projects, and standards for performance)
Personal and Social Responsibility
	(anchored through active involvement with diverse communities and real-world challenges)
Integrative Learning
	(demonstrated through the application of knowledge, skills, and responsibilities to new settings and complex problems)

The advancement of academic discourse requires civility and a respectful attitude toward all in the expression and consideration of a variety of viewpoints. All courses shall reinforce the ethical responsibility of students and instructors to acknowledge respectfully the learning styles and forms of expression of individuals and members of all groups.
Basic Skills of an Educated Person
Basic Skills of an Educated Person (A1-3, B4)  courses help build key skills for learning - communication and critical thinking. An educated person can communicate ideas effectively both verbally and in writing. Being able to organize and express ideas is a key part of learning. An educated person must also have strong reasoning powers in order to analyze critically all types of information. The skills courses within General Education provide an opportunity for students to gain and enhance critical communication and analytical skills.
Basic Knowledge of an Educated Person
Basic Knowledge of an Educated Person (B1-3, C1-2, D1-3, E)  courses help students gain the fundamental knowledge of an educated person. Students will have an opportunity to demonstrate an appreciation of the fundamentals of science, arts and letters, and the forces that shape the individual and modern society throughout the lifespan. This fundamental knowledge is crucial to understanding more advanced topics, including a major field of study
Integrated Knowledge of an Educated Person
Integrative Knowledge of an Educated Person (R, S, V, Z)  courses will help students become integrated thinkers who can see connections between and among a variety of concepts and ideas. An educated person will be able to apply concepts and foundations learned in one area to other areas as part of a lifelong learning process. These courses will help students to live and work intelligently, responsibly, and cooperatively in a multicultural society and to develop abilities to address complex issues and problems using disciplined analytical skills and creative techniques.
Course Learning Outcomes (CLOs)
Course Learning Outcomes are identified on each course syllabus (per University Policy S16-9). 



 Back to Top | Print-Friendly Page (opens a new window)


Facebook this Page (opens a new window)




Tweet this Page (opens a new window)















   

All catalogs © 2023 San José State University. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).






